He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian,
Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
New music, who's talking about new music?
That's ridiculous.
That's old music.
There was no spread in New York City.
Infectious clones are the only real threat.
The red placebo batches were likely distributed.
Transfection in healthy mammals is dumb.
Yes, protocols were murdered.
Gain of function is a mythology.
The Scooby-Doo is real.
A spectacular commitment to lies is all that's required.
And the lies are all about this.
They're all about a novel virus.
The millions of people were killed by and millions more were saved from.
Gain of function is real.
And the virus will come again.
That's not really what we're trying to break here.
At Giga Home Biological.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological at High Resistance.
Low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It is the 6th of December, 2023.
It is late on a Wednesday evening.
Happy Wednesday evening to all of you.
Welcome to the show.
Thank you very much for joining me.
We are still trying to dispel this illusion of consensus.
This Scooby-Doo, we have been fooled into believing that we should solve a mystery.
And in so solving that mystery, we have fooled ourselves into accepting the monsters in that mystery.
By solving the mystery of the lab leak or the natural virus,
we've accepted the possibility of a pandemic.
We've accepted the potential of a pandemic that exists in mother nature.
That exists in laboratories and that can exist in the mind of a clever biology student.
And this faith in a novel virus has to be dispelled.
It cannot be passed on to our children.
It cannot be.
And that's really the goal here.
We cannot let our children believe that in Batcave, somewhere in China, there might be a pandemic.
We can't let them believe that in a cell culture somewhere in China or in America or in North Carolina
or in Ukraine, there could be a pandemic.
We can't let them believe that in some animal facility somewhere in Texas
or somewhere in the Rocky Mountain Laboratory, there is a pandemic
and we definitely cannot let them believe that there is on a USB drive a sequence
which only needs to be translated into RNA and then we would have a pandemic.
But this is the worst case scenario that the three year theater that we have been subjected to
was designed to make us accept so that we would leave it for our children
and so that our children's sovereignty would be inverted into permissions.
That's what's going on here.
And the illusion of consensus, which has bamboozled us into accepting these monsters,
has bamboozled us into accepting this mythology lays right before our eyes
on our own side.
Many of these people were involved in ceding the worst case scenario narrative
and in so doing have created the perpetual need for these kinds of technologies,
the perpetual need for this kind of control and the perpetual need for this kind of oversight.
And that's what we don't want.
That's what we never asked for, we never voted for, we never gave permission for.
And yet all of these people, whether you like it or not, have been basically making the soil fertile
for these things to flower.
And with the way that they did it was they kind of lured us into this mind-numbing ride.
Oh man, I didn't set that up yet.
Okay, let me just do that quick.
They lured us into this mind-numbing ride about solving this mystery, right?
And the idea is, and this is the real trick, is that these people, this might switch something here.
Maybe not.
That these people have tricked us into thinking that, and I'm almost there, hold on one second,
that should be about, I can't really see it.
Might have to switch.
Okay, let me see if this works.
I'm kind of in focus, right?
Oh no, I don't have that down.
My speaker's up over here.
Oh boy.
All the secrets of the studio are being exposed.
It's just a green curtain.
So we really have been sort of, we left this, the driving to other people.
And we've been tricked into kind of accepting that, that Robert Malone invented the mRNA,
so he's speaking out, if he's throwing away his life to save us,
then we don't have to speak out.
We'll just wait for this to be cured.
If all those people with those really nice shoes are going all around the world,
speaking on our behalf, what would I need to do?
Maybe send some emails, maybe subscribe to a sub stack.
Basically, everything else has been done already, right?
And that illusion, that illusion needs to be broken because that, that's exactly why we're still here,
why this faith in this virus has been preserved because the same people have been telling the story
and walking around it for three years.
The same people have been telling the story of how we've defeated epidemics in the past using vaccinations.
They're still telling us stories about how coronaviruses can jump from other species in pandemic.
They're still telling us stories about how PCR positives are rare and that asymptomatic spread is real.
And they're still telling us stories about variants and where they might come from,
be it from vaccine induced evolution or from more lab leaks.
But it's never about the possibility that they were always there or that a background signal is being conflated.
And we spend money studying, gain a function research because it's necessary.
And so this whole faith has never been questioned by anybody that's risen to prominence on our side.
No one there this successful sub stack. No one with a successful nonprofit is questioning this narrative.
I think it's throwing a real wrench in the works that, you know, as humble, I want to remain humble about my role in this,
but I do think it is thrown a little bit of a wrench in the works for me to now be at CHD actively questioning this.
Not saying that CHD is a bad organization, but saying that the people who would like CHD to stay as close to on narrative as possible or as close to non committal as possible are not helped by my presence.
And so this new world order really needs everybody to be on board. Everybody needs to be scared. Everybody needs to be confused.
Everybody's got to accept the worst case scenario. And then this just slides into place.
That's the reason why these people were around, why these books were sold, why these people promoted each other because they were all collectively promoting the worst case scenario and the possibility of it either now or in the future.
That's the whole idea behind this illusion. The whole reason why we had to argue is to make sure that the worst case scenario never slid off the table.
Even if we show that their modeling was complete nonsense, it couldn't slide the worst case scenario off the table because obviously gain a function was going on because they were lying about it in emails.
And that's the seductive nature of the mystery solving exercise. That's the seductive nature of the Scooby Doo. It makes you feel like you're solving the puzzle.
You become even more certain you understand. And that's a wicked trap indeed.
And that's why people like Nurse Aaron are very interesting people to reflect on now in the midst of the pandemic in 2020 and 2021 when they were really spreading their information.
It was really about the worst case scenario in occurrence in New York City.
And yesterday I thought it was really important to point out that all of these people that have been preserving this narrative of a novel virus that killed millions and millions more were saved from the came of game of function and may come again.
All of these people seem to be related from the very beginning of the pandemic. The example I gave you yesterday was this music video in which both Nurse Aaron and Robert Malone and his wife and a few people that are also prominent on YouTube and also prominent in this circle of people.
It doesn't seem to quite get it right about spread doesn't even seem to quite get Denny Rancor's data right has never really quite gotten it right because they always keep confusing the pandemic and the lockdown and the biology of the pandemic with things like
these like transgenderism and the fake election and January 6th and so all these things get tied up by these people in specific altogether all the time.
And they lack the focus necessary to focus on the absurdity of this right here these two people being in a music video together with his wife and her role in the New York City narrative early on and then afterwards even with her book and now.
And so if we go to the end of this video that I didn't show you last night just so that you can see what happens after he sells his t-shirts so that you can see who these people are and make sure that if you want to look them up and you want to see what they've been up to you can do that because I think what you'll find is a very consistent record
of people who are not really challenging the narrative but just putting this part of the narrative on the right side of the political spectrum.
And that's the trick they are making the virus narrative and the lab leak versus his natural hypotheses float directly on top of the red blue nurse Aaron Malone what did that say.
Sorry what.
Did that say Jill and then Alex Stein and look at these people are laughing their buns off.
And then Luke Roodkowski actually I said that he started at 9-11 but he didn't I think he started at the.
And that protest for Wall Street that was like during the 2008 thing what was that called.
Does anybody remember.
But look I don't think she's Aaron Malone I think that's kind of a joke but it's a joke in the sense of what does it mean.
It means that they're pretty close right it means.
It means something that there's Aaron nurse Aaron Malone there I don't know what that means but she was definitely not trying to be anonymous at this time.
I hope you can see how striking it is and how important it is to not lose sight of this behavior early on in the pandemic not to lose sight of where they were.
At the same time they were supposedly coming out against the greatest crime in the history of man the greatest you know deception ever.
But at that time it was pretty funny right and at that time we were fine with confusing it with all kinds of things.
You can make the argument that music is one way to get the message out or you can make the argument that that's a awful waste of time and resources that is more or less confusing the issue of what was going on at the time which was that the American public and the world was being subjected
to the rollout of a genetic technology under the pretenses or auspicious of an in fact an investigational vaccine.
And really under the auspicious of this curve this curve down here being relevant instead of this curve up here which is the all cause mortality and not this one which is starting from zero and counting some kind of suspected and tested cases of something
overlapping with many different syndromes and so remember last night we watched this video and again one of the things that strikes us as we watch these videos as these these purported dissidents come out to save us is that they don't question this narrative
they don't question the spread of a novel virus they don't question the fact that millions of people were killed.
They don't question gain of function and they don't question it because you can see they don't do this math.
Excess deaths is the mystery virus for them they are not going to acknowledge that there was a do not resuscitate orders spreading in New York City and elsewhere.
They're not going to acknowledge that ventilators were misused like really horribly all throughout New York and other places where these mass casualty events occurred.
They're not going to talk about the lack of antibiotics or the lack of poor use of steroids even though Pierre Corey and Ryan Cole both know that this was crucial in the early deaths in New York City and in Italy and anywhere else where they said that antibiotics don't work for a viral pneumonia.
They won't talk about remdesivir even though they know that that played a huge role in the in the compounding deaths that were caused by its use even if that wasn't the only thing at play opioid deaths that were contributing to this hump here.
When people were told not to give them Narcan when people were not treating those people during covid or they were just there was just more opiates on the street and this this is not accurately reflected in this change here.
They're just all roped in excess deaths and then they can shift them around however they want to not to mention when they actually were financially incentivized to shift them around.
Interest in time I'll see if I can cut it even shorter than my address in the European Union Parliament.
About half of the time I was supposed to have.
First of all thank you Andrew, thank you members of the Parliament and thank you all for being here today.
My job is a very simple one is to set the stage for the context of how this came about and I thought that it was only appropriate to use the trees in action 1551 here in the UK.
So thanks for that I do think that Luke was for the 911 movement but I just didn't know for sure so I wanted to make sure I didn't extend it too far back.
If you're going to confirm that I think I'm going to go with it because that was what I said yesterday and it's what I thought but I wanted to get some feedback so thanks very much for that.
So the grounds for starting this presentation because we have long lost the idea of what it means to have publicly calculated.
So I would be appropriate to make sure that we recall that back then sleeping with the Queen Consulate was a problem.
Doing these various things with respect to the crown were a problem but somehow or another since 1351 we've lost the idea that a full on assault on liberty at every level is somehow acceptable.
So I thought we'd at least start with the spirit of 1351 in the room as we move to the next slide.
My job here is not to convince you of the thing.
My job here is to merely present the context it says that there is no question that the entirety of what we've been through over the last four years has been merely an orchestration to assault the liberties of people here in this country and around the world.
Pretending that this is some sort of public health emergency, pretending this is a justification for the inconceivable threat to liberties and the violation of human rights is actually nothing more than to give lip service to violence.
And the fact of the matter is the evidence starts here in the UK in 1966.
Your own wealth and trust was the one who decided to fund the coronavirus as the preferred form of human manipulation in 1966.
It was one year later that the United States and the UK got into an agreement that said that we were going to modify and manipulate coronavirus to see what could be done to infect a healthy population.
And quote, that was 1967 the year of my birth.
So this slow-moving train wreck that we call Operation Warp Speed only took 56 short, short years to come into beating.
And in 2011, in the document that is imaged on the left, which unfortunately given the size of the screen is pretty much illegible, you can go find it,
a antitrust collusion, and I'm using that term quite literally, between the Welcome Trust, the Rockefeller Foundation, the Gates Foundation, NIAIP and the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention,
got together and established a mandate that said that by 2020, the world would accept, and I quote, a universal vaccine, end quote, by the end of 2020.
Now these folks apparently have a divining rod or some sort of mysterious bubble that they can look into to see the future with such absolute elegance that they actually identify back then that coronavirus might be the thing that would be just what nature needed to afford for that to happen.
And by 2015, we had the public statement and I need to read this into the record.
To sustain the funding based beyond the crisis, we need to increase the public understanding of the need for medical countermeasures, such as a pan influenza or pan coronavirus vaccine.
Let me pause for a moment.
When the statement was made, the World Health Organization had officially declared coronavirus a eradicated disease.
In what world do we need in a vaccine for a disease that the World Health Organization had its own infinite wisdom to declare eradicated?
Question?
Just sit on that for a moment.
But let's go on.
Key driver is the media and the economics will fall in the hype.
We need to use that hype to our advantage to get to the real issues.
Investors will respond if they see profit at the end of the process.
Does that sound like a public health emergency to you?
Or does that sound like a statement of treason?
That is an act of domestic and international terrorism and that's the admission of that act.
And just in a few short days, we will have the author of that statement, one Peter Dashie, testifying in Congress that this thing probably still came out of a random event that took place in Wuhan, China, where a bat and a hangout and got together and voila.
In the summer, we were there.
That's a quote from 2015 in the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
That's the conspiracy level language I'm using.
And by the way, I'm using the term conspiracy in the legal definition of the term.
This is the admission of conspiracy to commit acts of terror.
And one year later, the last image you see on this screen, one year later, was the announcement and I'm quoting that the Wuhan Institute of Virology, Virus One, was, and I quote,
poised for human emergence.
And quote, that was 2016.
That's the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
That's the conspiracy that I'm apparently representing.
Next slide.
Now, the evidence for all of you has endowed the merits of the argument that I made.
It's right in front of you.
In 2002, the upper left, you see the first patent in 2002, filed on the synthetic chimera coronavirus,
which, as I've said in many instances, was actually patented to be infectious and replication defect.
What that means is it was actually weaponized.
That's not an allegation.
That's a statement of fact, because in 2005, you see at the bottom of the curriculum detail of one route there.
Like that, he said, I believe that is of his bio sets, synthetic coronaviruses, biohacking, biological warfare enabling technologies.
Does anyone actually want to just minister about what he could have potentially meant when he said biological warfare enabling technology?
Does that sound like a public health response?
Does that sound like a P3 program when we're trying to figure out how to treat this thing?
Is that what it sounds like?
Or is there an outside chance that the reason why he unleashed $10 million that year and every other year in non-competitive grants from all of the above reference agencies?
Is there any chance of the reason why?
Because they were actually building, are you ready for this?
Biological weapons.
Now, I haven't had a credential in the United States since 2002 of being a biological weapons inspector.
I know of what I speak.
And the fact of the matter is I briefed this matter first in 2002.
I consistently briefed this ever since.
And when in 2019, September 18, 2019, we actually had the World Health Organization's Global Preparedness Monitoring Award announce that there was going to be,
in the time between September 19, 2019 and September of 2020, there was going to be, are you ready for this, an accidental or intentional release of a respiratory health?
There's an operative word in that statement that's quite alarming, isn't there?
Release.
That's not the leak.
That's not an accidental escape.
They used the word release.
They didn't use.
There might be an accident.
Let's go to the next slide.
And I'm going to have to jump past this, because I'm almost out of time, and I've said that we can stick to nine minutes, so I'm going to jump past this one.
And unfortunately, I'll only reference this by saying that the criminal conspiracy, which must be criminally prosecuted in this country, not alleged, but prosecuted, is the racketeering that has been the World Health Organization's collusion
since the MRC in this country was founded by the welcome trust.
And since in the United States, the Rockefeller Foundation functionally funded what we now call the CDC, which back then was the malaria prevention program.
But we must actually deal with the fact that this antitrust collusion actually did not start in the last few years.
It started in 1955, and why is this important?
It's important, because in the U.S. and China, the status of the World Health Organization, we cannot commit, we cannot even indict or investigate crimes committed by the World Health Organization.
But there is no statute of limitations on these crimes.
These are crimes that have no statute of limitations, and we can actually predate the Gates Foundation, the welcome trust, and the Rockefeller Foundation's criminal collusion with prosecuting the crimes when they were actually committed.
It was fraud now, resulting in the murder of civilization around the world.
Last slide.
Almost last slide.
I can't help but sit in this chamber and point out that none other than Eliza Manningham, who was the head of the welcome trust board of trustees, who happened at the same time to be the head of MI5, was the one who sat at the helm of COVID when the September 19 launched of this campaign began.
You cannot escape the fact that MI5 was directly involved in the premeditation and distribution of this particular campaign of terror.
And I know that as an American, it's probably a bad idea for me to say that in this audience.
I could care less.
The fact of the matter is criminals exist in every strata of this government, and we need to actually be able to point that out.
And I figured why not go ahead and put the poster right up there so everybody can see it.
I'm only nine seconds away from my last slide.
This is the last slide.
Maybe the last week, why?
And let's stop pretending that we have to ask a question of why.
That's a nonsense question.
In the 1980s, we conveniently had the HIV pandemic.
So that we could actually justify the national type of vaccine immunity shield that was granted to the injection manufacturers at the time.
This fact matter is that the public was willing to deal with it because they all knew age was coming for them.
We tried to get that immunity long before, but once we had the HIV scare, we could get the public to say, yep, immunity to the manufacturers because we know we're going to need it.
September of 2001, we all pretend that we know what happened with the towers on the 11th, but we all forget what happened on the 28th, which was a defense department from their bioweapons program released anthrax.
And four short years later, we had a prep act.
Why? Because in 1991, we were killing people with anthrax vaccines in the Gulf.
And we gave the government a way to get the adult provisions protection into adult injections because the Child and Act didn't give them the cover that they needed.
And so four short years later, we have the prep act, which gives us medical care measures, and it gives us corporate immunity.
So guess what stars is?
Nothing more than the four-year later, see a pattern preamble to the World Health Organization's IHR.
Don't pretend like enough not to.
This was a setup from the beginning to the end.
Ladies and gentlemen, I yield the balance to everybody else, but I think since you brought up the lovely church last year, go ahead and take that quote.
Never let a good crisis go to waste.
This is all a marketing cover story to deprive you of liberty, and I'm here to make sure that as long as I draw breath, I'm fighting to get it back.
Thank you very much.
Now, why is that so deceptive?
He says he started at 1351, then he went to 1966 at coronaviruses.
We started pretending with coronaviruses already then.
Nothing more to give but to give lip service.
The Welcome Trust decided in 1966 in cooperation with USA to use coronavirus to infect human populations.
And I think what they were talking about is live spreading vaccines.
I think they were talking about good ideas or, let's say, well-meaning ideas.
And that's also where Ralph Barrack's research center was for a very long time.
The idea that coronaviruses are very innocuous, but they're abundant.
And so since they're an abundant background signal, maybe we can alter them and use them so that the body, we can send signals to the body.
We can transfect the body.
We can use the body.
Use coronaviruses to send signals to our tissues, and the tissues won't react to them as they would with other viruses because coronaviruses are so well tolerated.
He said that Warp Speed actually was the ultimate end of this 60-year thing or 40-year thing, whatever it was.
Anti-trust collusion with the Rockefeller's and the Welcome Trust to constitute a universal vaccine.
Coronavirus was actually a candidate.
Again, I have written here for genetic tool, just like retroviruses were.
He talked about pan-coronavirus, pan-influenza vaccine.
That's not something new.
The idea that investors will respond.
We've listened to Ralph Barrack give that talk before that pandemics are a great time to make money.
That's not necessarily selling anything.
That's not necessarily revealing the truth, and he's still not revealing it either.
Because even on Alex Zek's program where he seemed to admit that there really wasn't a virus, he was not able to succinctly describe how the pandemic was then orchestrated because no one, no one, no one will say that they've murdered people.
If he would say that this was a Coronavirus Pretend Act to take away our rights and said that they murdered people with protocols in hospitals in order to do it and lied to you about this mass casualty event in New York City so that you would think that all this testing that they did had something to do with it.
And that would clear the sky right up, and everybody would be like, wait, what?
You mean the thing that happened in New York didn't have anything to do with me standing in line to get a drive-through swab in my nose?
Not at all.
What happened in that drive-through has nothing to do with what happened in New York.
Oh, crazy.
So that's what you mean by it was all an elaborate.
So he really makes it seem like the only thing that this is is that they plan to do it all along.
They plan to release it.
They plan to squirt you with it.
But it wasn't really a danger is not really what he says and it wasn't really people dying and what they were dying of, he never says.
And that's magic.
And that's extremely consistent with what we have been saying for a long time because of course this guy who also spoke to the group,
said it a little better.
He didn't say they murdered him by protocol.
Hello, my name is Dr. Mike Eden.
Probably no by now that I'm a career research scientist, a biologist.
I've worked in the bio pharmaceutical industry for over 30 years.
Famously, a former vice president at Pfizer.
I left in 2011 as well.
I'm just going to pause Mike for a second because I'll finish up with with Martin to make sure you understand.
He said that there were synthetic coronaviruses.
He said that synthetic coronaviruses could be used for biohacking or bio warfare enabling technology.
But he didn't explain to you how and how we're positing that it would have occurred was using a what did he call it a synthetic chimeric infectious replication defective clone of a coronavirus and taking that synthetic chimeric infectious
replication defective clone and putting it in different places in the world would produce people with symptoms would produce people shedding exosomes that might cause symptoms in people around them and would have cultureable or at least what would appear to be
cultureable RNA virus because what is cultureable?
It's taking a sample from that person and putting it on cell culture and having the cell culture die and also being able to sequence something in that culture.
And so because we know that the RNA when it when a clone is put into a cell culture, we know that it makes lots of these smaller RNAs.
And we know that that PCR test is looking for those smaller RNAs.
Then you can see why it is that when we have a replication defective infectious clone sprayed on a population released out of city sprayed in a subway that these people will produce viral proteins.
They will produce sub genomic RNAs. Those sub genomic RNAs will show up on an RTPCR.
But then that peak will go up and down and it will never spread anywhere. And so when they started testing people in Pittsburgh, it didn't matter.
Because what they were testing for was a background signal related to maybe the clone that they released for all we know.
But why doesn't David Martin go to the extent to which and explain this?
How could a synthetic chimeric infectious replication defective clone be used to see the narrative of a pandemic to put this high fidelity signal in many places around the world so you could claim that this was evidence of spread.
Like I've been trying to say for a year and a half.
Why didn't he say that to Alex Zach? Why don't we explain it to them so that they get it so that you say that we're really not saying that there's no virus but we're definitely not saying that there's no signal.
And what that signal could be composed of one component that's manmade synthetic chimeric infectious replication defective clone and one that's a background signal with overlapping homology.
It's just so easy.
And it's so shocking how they don't say it. How they say it so poorly.
How they don't say it at all.
And how Mike Eden has been saying it for a couple years now and nobody ever listens to him. They always edit his video out. Nobody ever shares it. It doesn't circulate.
When have you seen Robert Malone tweet about Michael Eden? Oh, the only time Robert Malone is tweeted about Michael Eden. He says, where are the receipts?
If they're doing this on purpose, where are the receipts? Come on, man.
Wow. Did you know that?
I hope you would know that. But of course you wouldn't know that because Twitter and all these are these these social media are not going to promote that interaction.
Even if Robert Malone was just off of his game for a little while there and let his guard down.
That didn't get promoted. People forgot about that.
Just like they're going to forget very quickly that Denny Redcore also showed that there was no spread.
Lucky that this guy won't forget it. Let's listen to Mr. Sparkle.
Hello, my name is Dr. Mike Eden.
Probably know by now that I'm a career research scientist and biologist.
I've worked in the bio pharmaceutical industry for over 30 years.
Famously, a former vice president advisor, I left in 2011 as vice president and worldwide head of respiratory research.
I was responsible for everything from idea to clinical proof of concept.
In the 10 years after leaving Pfizer, I've worked as an independent, I consulted to 30 biotech companies.
I also founded, led and sold my own biotech, Zionco, and we were written up in a 2017 article in Forbes magazine.
I think it was converting Pfizer discards into gold and it was written by a former Pfizer board member.
So three years before this alleged event started, I was very well regarded in the industry.
I'm going to tell you that the design of the so called vaccines was intentionally to harm people.
And I'm going to give you several examples of that based on my extensive industry experience of rational drug design,
not a single asthma molecule in a synthetic drug is in there by luck.
It's in there because people chose it to be in there and they intended certain things to flow from their choices.
I think this is a really important place to stop because this is exactly what Robert Malone called him out on Twitter to bring the receipts.
And this is also what we've been talking about for a long time in different contexts in different interpretations in different possibility spaces.
But we've always been talking about the idea that these these various epitopes which people are claiming have been installed into the spike protein.
Are there specifically for the purpose of adjuvant function or attraction of the immune system, the stimulation of antibody production,
the activation of antigen presenting cells or T cells or something of this effect.
And so there's been a lot of speculation about what that might be.
But I think the easiest way to do it is to think about it the way that Mike Eden is thinking about it and those things are not in there by chance.
Either they're in there because they're homologous parts of very conserved regions of that protein, which are going to be homologous across viruses across RNA.
Exosomes or alternatively, those things were installed there found in the synthetic clone so that they could be used as as a sort of shrug your shoulders and say, well, this is the protein we found.
Lucky for us, it's got this magic epitope that even after we give it to you five times, you're still going to make new antibodies to it.
So no doubt what is hidden in this spike protein and the sequence that was purported to be found in these different places at the start of the pandemic is likely proprietary technology based on technology like what epivacs would produce where they're looking for epitope small
and eight to 10 amino acids long that have a certain electrostatic signature which meshes very well with a wide range of HLA receptor types so that it has a broad ability to activate the immune system of different human backgrounds.
These two types of immunosystems are the most attractive to the immune system and that's where we got off into this tangent a few weeks ago talking about dams or damage associated molecular patterns as opposed to pathogen associated molecular patterns.
Two different theories on how the immune system works. One, thinking about, I don't know why I'm holding this brush, one thinking about the idea that the immune system would generalize across biological motifs to look for the ones that are dangerous, looks for the ones that are hydrophobic, looks for the ones that are anti are
oxidizing or dangerous from a chemical perspective and then make antibodies to neutralize those epitopes only as toxins essentially.
And that's very different than pathogen associated molecular patterns which tends to imply that each new pathogen should have a whole other set of memories irrespective of whether or not the motifs that are the most dangerous in that pathogen are conserved across those that have been previously seen.
And so in this sense, when Mike Eden is saying that nothing is by chance in this vaccine, what he is suggesting is even if he's not directly saying it, I will say it for him, that it's likely that the sequence that was found or purported to be found was either planted there or intended to be there so that that spike protein
and its proprietary useful sequences that activate the immune system across several exposures of it would be present in there so that any vaccine, any transfection, anything that was made with that protein would have an extra chance of success, be it J and J, be it the mRNA or be it Novavax.
And then the only thing to do would be to play some game where you got rid of one like J and J and said, wow, that one's got a lot of problems but we're watching them.
And so by saying that that one has problems, you're implying that this one doesn't and that's exactly what they did.
Take it away again, Mike.
But just very briefly, you should know, I hope, there has not been a pandemic.
Dennis Rancourt's data shows that the all-cause mortality ever data did not increase at all in the run up to the declaration, fraudly, by WHO pandemic.
There is no public health emergency except that created by our governments a inappropriate fraudulent.
Now, there was local excess mortality.
There was local excess mortality, but overall, it averages out, right? That's one of the things to understand here.
You got to be very careful. There was very high excess mortality in New York for about four weeks.
There was a few places around the world where that also occurred, but in general, not at all.
PCR tests were used to give people the impression that they had a particular disease where they didn't.
There were all the normal diseases.
And then what happened was in three different ways people were treated badly through changed medical procedures that were imposed above the level of nation briefly mass ventilation of people inappropriately in hospitals that led to lots of deaths.
In care homes, many people were given sedatives and respiratory depressants, which led to their deaths.
My PhD was specifically in that.
Yes, I was going to say, yes, Mike is going to come on the stream. We're just trying to organize when he's got a lot of.
He's got a lot of stuff to do.
Yes, he's coming on the community.
People would denied life saving antibiotics and died of bacterial pneumonia.
There's a pandemic.
There was no other pandemic.
And based on this line, we were told that vaccines were coming our way and would be our savior.
Two things.
As I say, first, there's no pandemic.
So you certainly don't need an experimental or rushed medical interventions.
And that's the point that he's atomic live Mark Koolack and myself and others are trying to make first and foremost that if the deaths.
From remdesivir from the opioid epidemic from the do not resuscitate orders from the lack of antibiotics from all of those things if those deaths hadn't occurred so that people could point.
And so that the news programs could report something and so that the PBS NewsHour could project into the future a few weeks that this was going to be a worst case scenario.
If that wouldn't have happened, then people wouldn't have gotten in line and tested for by the thousands in a drive through.
And then we wouldn't have had all of these asymptomatic cases.
And then this entire narrative would have fallen apart.
And without that initial casualty event in New York and a few other places that was followed by this dramatic rollout of tests around the world that was called evidence of spread, then there would have been no justification for the transfection being rolled out.
And the justification for the transfection being rolled out was 100% supported was 100% supported by all the people that didn't speak out in 2020.
All the people that didn't speak out in the beginning of 2021 because if you weren't speaking out, you were supporting this worst case scenario narrative.
If you were looking for emergency use authorization for unique combinations of repurposed drugs, you were supporting the worst case scenario narrative.
If you were on your own stream saying that it was going to be a worst case scenario, you were definitely supporting it.
And that's where a lot of these people were in 2020.
They were not questioning the narrative. They were not trying to temper the potential.
They were not trying to speak out for natural immunity and the idea that it's possible being bamboozled by a background signal and a specific test or a test that's very specific on a very broad background.
Only Mike and a few other people like myself were doing that.
And I was following Mike's lead for the most part. I was never ahead of Mike. Let's just say that right away.
But secondly, even if you did, as someone who's worked in the industry for over 30 years, I am telling you, it's absolutely impossible to invent tests, clinically evaluates and manufacture and then launch on global scale a complex biomedical product.
It's absolutely impossible.
And he's not necessarily only talking about the RNA, ladies and gentlemen. He's also talking about the lateral flow test. He's also talking about the PCR test. He's also talking about anything to do with this that was mass produced.
You want to go listen to a really silly podcast. Go listen to the last time that Elon Musk was on the Joe Rogan podcast and listen to him talk about the fact that making a prototype of an electric car is easy.
Compared to trying to manufacture and produce an electric car, which is about 1000 times harder. You can invent one of these tests. You can you can say that these primers work, but making a commercial test test based on product based on that test is something entirely different.
Producing it well and in high fidelity is something very different.
And we took all of that for granted, and then we also took it for granted on these at Transfections, which is just extraordinary.
It's not as close. It's years wrong. The fastest record price of this for six years.
And friends of mine who work all their lives in manufacturing of complex biological products tell me the methods development alone for development of a reproducible manufacturing process itself takes a number of years.
So whatever it is you think was done. I am telling you there was not the development of a proper medical product.
What I think happens was the advancements of materials that are intentionally toxic.
And then they were sketchy advanced and jammed into people's arms often coerced, sometimes even mandated with the unsurprising effect that millions of people.
Have died. I don't have time today to explain what I think they're going to do in the future, but suffice to say more injections are coming if we don't stop this.
So, like I said, I'm skilled in the arts of rational drug discovery. So why am I saying these materials are intentionally toxic.
Let me give you the first example. How do you think your body plays nice with itself, but when it's infected or detects a cancer, it goes to war.
And the answer is it distinguishes self things that are meant to be inside you from non self from foreign things that are not meant to be inside you.
And it is trained exquisitely to detect and attack non self foreign things.
If you inject a person with a gene that encodes a foreign piece of protein like a spike protein from a foreign organism, your body will detect that.
And every single cell that takes up that material and expresses foreign protein will be attacked and killed by your immune system.
Now, if you think that's advanced immunology, let me put you right, it's in the first chapter.
And distinguishing self from non self is one of the foremost lessons of immunology, and every single person involved in the trainer delivery of these materials.
So doctors hands knew what I just told you, they will inevitably cause injury.
That's why I started saying definitively that transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent because there is no excuse.
If the doctors that have pushed this and including your doctor have pushed this without adequately understanding what transfection was, how dangerous it might be, then they are criminally negligent.
You count on them. You count on we count on our doctors to know better than us about what's going on here. And now that we know what's going on here, they should have done known better and we need to realize that we need to come to this conclusion.
You want to forgive your doctor. That's great.
You can watch Vax to and you can see a little boy carrying around a suitcase that he's got to carry around in order to breathe and you can listen to his mom talk about how she forgives that doctor for giving him that HPV vaccine.
And that kid basically killed himself about a year and a half after that movie was done.
So forgive your doctor you can forgive your doctor.
But the doctor needs to understand what happened here they all need to understand and that is coming.
It's just a question of what happens to our system what happens to our society when this comes what's going to come with it.
Are we also going to be at each other's throat because Bobby made Trump win or Biden won by cheating or Kamala Harris won by cheating or my gosh can you imagine if Dick Cheney's daughter wins.
What kind of disaster it would be on top of the collapse of the health care system and the.
Something big some big storm is coming ladies and gentlemen because there's no other way they can keep this train moving unless they keep bombarding us with more things to distract us from this gigantic mammoth of a lie.
And it is a lie because they definitely knew it would hurt us then on top of that.
It's not just bad enough that you're making a foreign protein you're making a specific material called spike protein those materials are biologically active.
That is if you add them to human blood for example.
They start to calculate it close those materials are biological toxins.
So now you've got a genetic sequence that forms foreign proteins that means your body attacks and kills every cell that does it.
I mean another scenario would be of course to have designed a toxin.
And then claim that you found a coronavirus with that toxin on the outside but not say that it's a toxin.
It's just the spike protein and since the spike protein uses the ACE2 receptor to bind.
And then get a whole bunch of monkeys to go on the internet and talk all kinds of fancy about how they know all kinds of stuff about ACE2 and how it reacts with Brady kind and to and.
And it you know controls all the water balance and it's also in circulation and draw all these arrows and give this long huge lecture about how ACE2 is so important and all these different tissues.
And that would distract from the fact that that's just a synthetic chimeric infectious replication defective clone.
That's carrying a sequence that you want to use as a weapon that you want people to accept or even beg or fight for.
To ship to other countries because we've got to help those countries because they can't afford it.
And all the while it's just a toxin that you know that a few people that take it are going to die and more importantly that you're rolling out this concept that you know this is safe.
All we got to do is swap the RNA with some other RNA and we can fix everything.
It's a very frightening place we are ladies and gentlemen and very few people have seen it as well as Mike Eden and very few people have actually been censored like Mike Eden has been censored.
You demon.
No, I'm coming if we don't stop this.
So, like I said, I'm skilled in the arts of rational drug discovery.
So why am I saying these materials are intentionally toxic.
Let me give you the first example.
How do you think your body.
Oh, yeah.
It's self.
I'm going to go.
When it's infected or detector cancer, it goes to.
I'm going to go forward a little bit.
And the answer is it's a factor.
And there are many others, but let me give it the third one.
These materials are formulated.
It's normal to formulate drugs.
These are formulated in fatty globules called lipid nanoparticles.
What they do is disguise the foreign genetic information.
So your body doesn't see it initially until it gets inside your cells and it goes all around your body.
It will glide through the cell wall as if it wasn't there.
And that was the entire point of it.
So that means these materials don't just go to your lymph nodes.
Oh, you're joking.
My goodness sakes.
My me.
Give me a break.
Do is disguise the foreign information.
So your body doesn't see it initially until it gets inside your cells.
And it goes all around your body.
It will glide through the cell wall as if it wasn't there.
And that was the entire point of it.
So that means these materials don't just go to your lymph nodes and they certainly don't stay in your arm where they're injected.
They go all around the body, including into your brain and your blood and every organ in your body.
Now the reason why this is important to understand is that I would suggest to you that it's possible that people like Flemming and McCairn and Catrell and all these people that were saying that amyloidosis and prions were possible at the start of the rollout.
And remember, please remember that when Luke Montagnier supposedly published a paper about people getting.
Crowds felt yock of disease from the back scene.
Not from the virus.
And yet somehow or another that finding was turned around and claiming that the spike protein was doing it and therefore the virus was doing it and therefore we had to be afraid of the circulating virus because it was probably going to come out.
And it was probably going to cause pre-on disease in lots and lots of people.
And I want you to see how convenient that is for covering up for the fact that they probably expected transfection to have that exact outcome because of the fact that they were chemically altering the RNA.
Because they were codon optimizing the RNA.
They had to know that that was one of the possibilities.
If protein misfolding is a pathology that can cascade out of control, then they had to know that transfecting with this kind of RNA would definitely have that as a possibility.
So what better thing to seed in the early narrative with these worst case scenario bio weapon crazy people than that very thing.
And make sure you seeded it for the whole year. They talked about it for the spike protein for the whole year of 2020.
And I was originally anticipating and maybe they were originally going to do this that they were going to use the spike protein as an excuse for why the transfection failed.
And to a certain extent they did.
But at some moment, I don't know if it was because of us pushing back on that narrative, but it says expanded now to also include DNA in the shot also to include endotoxes in the shot.
And now just as of tonight, they have gone back.
There is a UCL paper that came out that shows that the codon optimization and the N1 methyl pseudo uridine, whatever it is that they did, is now causing frame shifts.
And so that's even worse than substituting a amino acid because a frame shift means that the RNA dependent RNA polymerase or in this case the ribosome will shift one amino acid one base rather over and that means that all the words shift.
Because remember every three bases is an amino acid. So if you shift over one base, now you've shifted over one base of three, and that means you're going to read the next three bases as an amino acid instead of these.
And that means all the next codons are all going to be off by one.
And so that can result in a whole nother bouquet of unknowns, depending on where that skip occurs. And that is something that has just been recently published that now Kevin McCurnan is also getting around with a publication with Jessica Rose and and David Wiseman and a few others.
But we were already talking about that with Kevin McCurnan way back when in 2021 already.
Or 2022 maybe it was but still.
And that possibility still hadn't been rung out to its full potential before it was dropped and ignored now it's coming back but it's coming back because someone published it.
So now they've got to acknowledge it.
And so if we keep pushing them this far we keep pushing them they've already not able to use the spike protein as an excuse anymore.
They're already having to back pedal because of Mike and myself and others who have been pushing the idea that it doesn't matter what protein you use as long as it's non self it's going to screw you up.
Because of this mechanism that he's describing right here and so the spike protein as an excuse doesn't work.
It works but it doesn't work from the perspective of why the vaccine didn't work. The vaccine has extra nasty because of the spike but transfection would have never worked.
And Mike is very good about saying that but very very few others are.
Ten years ago, there were papers published and well established and well known in the industry that lipid nanoparticles lipid nano carriers deposit their cargo for eventually in the ovaries.
And that was confirmed with the Pfizer products in an animal experiment performed for the Japanese regulators.
So by design.
These agents cause an autoimmune attack on every tissue.
They make your body form a well understood biological toxin that can damage multiple organs in your body.
And they deposited their car goes preferentially in the reproductive tissues of women and girls.
If you think that's by luck, then you're mistaken. There is no doubt in my mind.
Anyone of my caliber, and this is my peers that worked on this absolutely understood what they were designing and manufacturer.
So, I think having, having heard what I've just said that there was no pandemic.
And the line was maintained in all its injects people en masse like five and a half billion people with an intentionally dangerous substance 17 million of whom have died so far.
What do you think is happening and what do you think your role as an individual is in stopping this crime.
That's what I'm talking about. Thank you very much, Michael.
Mike Eden is one of the one of the big guys in this fight.
Check it warnings about the Wuhan lab in a possible cover up three years before the COVID pandemic.
That's raising new questions about China's role in the global health disaster and what Dr. Fauci knew about it.
All this is China's struggles with an alarming surge of respiratory illnesses overloading medical centers.
So we start with that. Welcome to a brand new hour of America's newsroom. I'm Dana Perino.
How you doing?
Great. And you?
Great.
Better say great.
Morning partner. I'm Bill Hemmer. Good morning at home. We're now learning a U.S. health official.
Working for Dr. Fauci raised serious safety concerns six years ago in 2017 after taking a tour of the lab in Wuhan.
China's first ever level four biosafety lab for handling dangerous pathogens.
The U.S. official was shocked and alarmed after learning the lab was considering plans to reverse engineer the deadly Ebola virus.
But when she told superiors before writing her report, she was ordered to delete any reference to Ebola.
More on this, Richardson follows it up on what they knew and why they might want to hide that critical information.
Rich, hello to you. Good morning.
Good morning, Bill.
This U.S. health worker toured the Wuhan Institute of Virology just as it was about to open its most secure lab.
Chinese officials were admitting they needed more expertise to operate it.
This is the same facility that some believe U.S. officials started COVID-19 with an accidental lab leak.
U.S. health official touring the lab worked for the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
That's part of the National Institutes of Health, or NIH.
In emails obtained by Fox, she wrote to other NIH officials that during her tour, a technician at the Wuhan lab complained it was illegal to import Ebola to China to study it.
The NIH worker then wrote to other department officials, quote,
I remember he said that since they don't have the Ebola virus, they had, quote, considered using reverse genetics to create the virus.
I was shocked to hear what he said that.
I also worry the reaction of people in Washington when they read this.
The technician is only a worker, not a decision-maker, nor a PI, principal investigator.
So how much we should believe what he said.
She wrote, if that got out, it would be difficult to get more information.
So that's interesting, right? We're just all doing the same thing. It's all the same show.
They're still pretending that a pandemic happened, that a lab leak is likely, that we're still trying to decide whether they covered it up.
We're still trying to decide whether early treatment was really necessary, or whether those ventilators were a problem.
That's all the same show, and it hasn't stopped.
It's just that different people have taken over.
Some new people have come into the station and pretend to take over stopping the train, but it hasn't changed their irrelevance.
And so even though some people came on the scene in June of 2021 and said that I invented the PCR, or I invented the mRNA, and it's bad for some people, or it might be bad, or I don't know, there might be rushing it.
I work for the Human Genome Project. I know what's going on here.
These people came on very late, and when they came on, they came on for very specific things.
I'm trying to make sure that we are not in trouble here. I'm trying to make sure that people are being forthright. Kevin McCurnan did not object to PCR as a test.
He objected to the specific parameters of the who test, and the paper that described it.
He's fine with PCR testing as long as it works, according to him.
Then he came out on a series of things about the vaccines, about the mRNAs, but when it came down to the clones, Kevin McCurnan was very, very adamant that I was wrong.
And on three different occasions, we were on a live stream where he tried to tell me that I was wrong with new papers, and new ideas, and new new posits about why clones are no more dangerous than the natural one.
Even pretending not to understand what they were by thinking that I was saying that I was going to use, they were going to use DNA to see the pandemic.
That infectious clones weren't the RNA version that David Martin has been saying over and over again exists, but not explaining why they're significant.
And that's what made it so difficult to parse this all out for everybody because it's also right there in front of your face, but he actually doesn't say it and no one else does either.
And now we're really starting to be able to put it together in a very, very succinct way.
And every time these people open their mouths, you could just kind of show them, wait, wait a minute, that doesn't jive.
And so in this case, they are giving up another piece to the puzzle.
They are giving up the piece that says that transfection will have a whole bunch of problems that include frame shift mutations, unpredictable frame shift mutations that could be ribosome specific.
They could be background specific. They could be tissue specific.
Heck, they could even be circadian rhythm specific. We don't know.
But these frame shift mutations are exacerbated by the chemical alteration of the mRNA and by the codon optimization of it.
And so they're giving away another little piece of the puzzle that we were already on two years ago that was part of a list of things that we should have objected to before the DNA was ever identified.
And what you're watching is basically backpedaling. They have to absorb every piece of the narrative that we expose.
They have to absorb it and pretend like they meant that to happen.
And the problem is, the part that I find the most scary is that I think they have the intention of eventually the truth coming out.
So it's very hard to discern whether our progress is our own or whether our progress is just a slow, inevitable release of the truth that we feel like we're somehow pushing forward, but in reality, we're not.
When I'm at my darkest feeling the worst about the situation and feeling the most helpless, that's how I feel.
That I'm afraid that they're just using me to be the mouthpiece.
And letting me slow roll it out like everybody else is. And that's it.
But I've got to have faith that we're doing better. I've got to have faith that these numbers are alive.
I've got to have faith that if it says 117, there might be 1,170 people watching right now.
That if it says 2,000 people watch my videos every day, that maybe it's 20,000 people.
I've got to have faith that something else is being distorted here, that we're not really just locked in a little closet, that Mark has not just locked in a little closet while everybody else is.
Everybody else's followers go up by 10 or 100 times what we have.
And their sub-stack support goes up by 10 or 100 times of what Mark has or subscribers to our little support staff.
Ladies and gentlemen, they lied to us about the pandemic potential in laboratories and badcaves and they lied to us about the status of this background signal in 2019.
They told us that it was evidence of spread and they may or may not have used an infectious clone to lie about it.
But I think it's a very, very straightforward way to do it.
I think that David Martin has been dancing around that story for three years intentionally to try and confuse.
And that's why why Alex Zeck was so frustrated with him on the show the other day that we watched.
Because he was saying it without saying it. He was saying it without saying it over and over and over again.
He wouldn't admit the implications of the biology that he was purporting to agree with because he had to argue in a legal space.
He was working on criminal prosecution. So talking about biology is irrelevant. Something like that.
And that preserved the faith in a novel virus. It made it confusing enough so that people didn't question it.
That they didn't question spread even though there's no mathematical evidence for it. They didn't question asymptomatic.
But that's all part of the issue. If he says that they were going to use coronavirus to control people, that they were going to use coronavirus as the excuse.
But he doesn't adequately explain how the excuse was going to manifest, how they were going to use it to bamboozle us.
Then he's effectively not helping us and instead preserving the faith. That's exactly what he did.
We've got to get him to stop lying. That's what we need to do.
We've got to get our kids off of this train, ladies and gentlemen. We've got to get our kids off this train.
And I think the strategy to dispel this mythology is to revisit the role of sanitation, nutrition and better medicine into the client of disease for polio, for measles and everything.
We've got to recalculate the all-cause mortality during 2020 and 2021 using death certificates, using VAERS data, just like Jessica Hockett wants to do, just like John Bodewin has shown can be done.
We need to reevaluate the role of criminal negligence in the use of transfection as a vaccine because the people should have known.
They did know. The people that our professional biologists should have known.
If they didn't know and they need to be slapped in the head, and if they were being paid to know, then they need to be put in jail.
Restore strict liability to all vaccine products. That's just like any other drug that you see on television that's got to tell you all the shitty things are going to happen.
If you take it, the vaccine should have to do that too. And if they come and it happens, then it's something entirely different.
But if they got strict liability and they could be sued for things that weren't on the label, they could be sued for side effects that they weren't told could happen,
then they would all stop this shit. So if we removed all untested EU products from use, that's another way to go, those, all those things and more need to happen.
We need to teach our children immunology so that they understand the faith is a lie.
We need to teach them molecular biology so that they understand that the faith is a lie. We need to teach them this stuff.
And I think that's what we're going to do in 2024 because we are at a time point where human diversity is at its peak,
and they want to take advantage of it. They want to invert our children's rights to their sovereignty to permissions.
And I think they want to do it as fast as they can. So they're going to make more and more chaos.
And so we've got to be more and more connected to one another. And that means making sure that we stop all transfections in healthy humans.
That we build our communities to prevent the elimination of the control group.
A intra-muscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrities.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to start making an appeal for new support for the channel.
You can support me at GigaHomeBiological.com. That website also will link you to GigaHome.Bio where the soapbox is.
Thank you very much for that, Ted. I'm trying to use it more often.
You can find the Giga Home link there. And then if you scroll down, you can download the Stream Deck starting this week.
And then you can see our schedule. And then at the very bottom, there's a place where you can subscribe.
And really, when you're subscribing right now, you're just subscribing as a supporter.
But soon, you're going to be able to get emails. You're going to be able to book a collaborator, can book a Zoom meeting.
I just want to be sure you understand that going forward, we gave up some stuff here.
And it would be great to have some more support because I'm putting a lot more time into it.
And I want to put more time into it. And I want to become more independent. And that means, you know, support.
So I need more subscribers. I need people to step up that haven't stepped up before. And that's why I'm going to ask for.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much for sharing my work because that's the best way to support me.
And the more people that shared my work, of course, the less support I would need. So it's just kind of all one big, you know, happy family thing.
So thank you very much. I'll see you again soon.
What did I give up? Hmm, that's interesting.